Add visibility type in Publish Box (#2714)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Tutorials/publish-script-box.md

> ![public-box-publish.png](../../images/cloud-application-manager/public-box-publish.png)

Reviewer: Please, update the screenshot

Fill out the "Request to Publish Box" form. The "Publisher" field should be either your name, your team's name, or your company name. 

> The "Visibility Type" field is present to specify wether the box should be published as:

Reviewer: Please, use a table or a list to specify all properties in the dialog

* *Open*: box will be made public as open-source
* *Execute*: box will be made public as execute-only, so it will only be deployable and only public variables will be visible.

> * *Closed*: box will be used to embed into other boxes as box variables, but event code will be hidden. Only public variables will be visible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Closed*: box will be published with its event source code as hidden. Only public variables will be visible. The box can be deployed directly or it can be embedded into another box as a box variable to be deployed as part of the enclosing box deployment.
```

> The "Category" field will specify what section of the catalog your box will be displayed under.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Category" field will specify what section of the catalog your box will be displayed under. You can use an existing Category name or suggest a new one be created.
```
